Morty's on Jessica's Instagram again.
Get out of here, jerk!
What's so embarrassing? Morty sharing it with your family might help.
Summer, stop shaming your brother. Morty, stop being a creepy perverted cyber stalker.
I'm not cyber stalking! I just wanted to know where she got this necklace from.
And now I know! Her grandma left it to her.
You're quiet, Rick. Shouldn't you be revealing grandmas aren't real?
Hi, I've placed an auto-response chip in my brain so I can spend time with my family.
But you are spending time with your family.
Thank you for talking to Rick.
Alright, I'm finished with my breakfast and my Amazon wish list.
Let's go, Morty. I need death crystals from Four Bojalon Prime.
Dad, there's a way we do this now.
Morty, would you please accompany me to Four Bojalon Prime for death crystals?
Well, thank you for asking. Yes, I will do that.
It is a hot photo. I think grief flushes your cheeks.
Dad, you hardly put any syrup on.
Honey, stop raising your father's cholesterol so you can take a hot funeral selfie.
Never get to do anything.
Uh, Rick, maybe if we go a little...
Faster! Good idea, Morty. It'll get us through these asteroids sooner.
Geez, you're really this pissed about my mom and dad.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Geez, you're really this pissed about my mom making sure I'm okay with our adventures?
What's next, Morty? What if I want you to jump off the Empire State Building?
I have to ask? Yes.
And you seriously don't see how that's a slippery slope.
Just shut up and help me with these, please.
Why are they called death crystals? Do they kill you?
You're thinking of bullets, Morty. Death crystals show you how you're gonna die.
Jesus Christ, I die a million times?
Your future stems from your present, which if you're living right, keeps changing.
The truth is, anyone that knows how they're definitely gonna die is either boring as hell or about to get shot down.
Who are those guys?
Crystal poachers. There's no lower form of life. They think the galaxy's their own personal piggy bank.
Wait, then what are we?
We're Rick and Morty. You're about to witness the only real use for these crystals.
They show you when the other guy's reloading.
Certain death, certain death, certain death, uncertain death.
And certain death, certain death, certain death.
Definitely gonna get shot by this guy. This is totally my fate.
Nothing I could possibly do. Okay, now not so much.
Help me gather these up.
You just use these to win fights?
I don't use them. People that spend their life avoiding death are already dead.
They're also rich. And I like to spend my life with their money.
Oh my god. Jessica.
Jessica, I wanna die with Jessica.
What are you doing?
Oh, um, can I drive?
Why?
The feel of the open road?
Alright. Who's this grandson? I like his style.
Morty, you know outer space is upright.
Yeah, yeah, I'm just, uh, following my instincts.
Will you just go up?
Stop! You're gonna make me die wrong!
Wait a minute, what? Morty, do you have a death crystal in your pocket?
No, maybe.
You little monster, I thought you were masturbating.
You took that in stride?
You'd rather I address it?
Why would I be doing it?
Why would you steal a death crystal?
I wanna die old.
Then stop driving, you little son of a bitch.
Give me the plate, Morty. You got damage to that.
Oh, shit. Oh, shit, oh, shit, oh, shit.
I love you, Morty.
I will avenge my death.
Holy shit!
Just kidding. I'm a crisis detection and correction hologram
generated by a chip that real, Rick, put in your spine.
Real in quotes because calling density privilege entities real
is incredibly hollow.
I'm not a real threat.
I'm a real threat.
The privilege entities real is incredibly homophobic.
Morty, do me a solid, problematic word, play aside.
Grab the gun with the blue handle from the trunk
and get a tissue sample from the corpse.
Alright, now take that to the trunk
and insert it into the clone compiler.
I see you appear to be holding a death crystal
that's guiding your decisions more than I am.
That's your right.
I just wanna remind you that some people can't hold anything
and can never die.
That's a little offensive to me.
Oh, okay.
Listen, I'm programmed for tolerance, Morty,
so I'm willing to accept that you're doing this
if you're willing to accept that you need to stop.
Accepting rerouted backup data operation Phoenix initiated.
What the hell? I axed this protocol.
What are you doing with my clone?
It's okay. I'm you.
I took my own clone VAD offline a couple seasons ago,
so I think my backup got rerouted to your universe.
I'm sorry.
All good. Happy to help.
By the way, annoying that I even have to ask,
but you are down with fascist dystopias, right?
Yes.
That yes was pretty liberal with the letter Y.
Well, isn't this strange?
I trust the kind of strange that makes Rick and Morty stronger.
Morty, I caught this socialist in my bathrobe.
He wants to give all of our martinis to a family of immigrants.
Obviously, the most likely imposter is the wet naked clone.
It is obvious, but it won't be to the police.
Oh!
Okay.
He was an inferior Rick. He was too political.
I want to have fun, classic Rick and Morty adventures,
like in the old days.
Then we'll get along fine, fascist Morty.
For starters, I just need to get to Fort Bojalon.
You go go where I want you to go!
F***!
Hey, hey, ho ho, not cloning your grandpa has got to go.
Don't get out of my face. I'm going to flush Rick's DNA.
All right. Okay, regroup everybody.
You too, Berkeley. Snap out of it.
At least tell me what this death is that you're so determined to.
Oh, Jessica.
Morty, I'm in no...
What? No, no, no, no, no!
Oh ho!
I love you.
Damn it. How am I going to die with her if I can't even talk to her?
Here's an idea, Morty. Throw that thing in the garbage.
Stop planning your own death and talk to whoever you want.
Now you just sound like real Rick.
You're better than that language, Morty.
I ain't better than shit, Jack.
So, uh, what are we doing?
Stop asking questions. Stop doing meta commentary.
Just have fun. We're going on a simple fun classic adventure.
You know what? It would really help if you could just say anything other than what you don't want.
I like Mr. Meeseeks.
Okay, now we're talking.
You know what? I usually keep a Meeseeks box in my glove compartment, so maybe facture strict does too.
Huh, well look at that. Now we're doing something we've done before.
Ah, Mr. Meeseeks!
Kill this Nazi prick!
Hey!
Hey, son of a bitch!
Stop!
Oh!
Accepting rerouted backup data operation Phoenix initiated.
Oh, come on, man.
Whoa, are you okay?
Yeah, sorry. I'm a Rick from another reality. I got uploaded to your clone vat.
Hey, don't worry about it, man. I have a dozen.
What the heck, Rick? Are you making clones down here?
Get out of here, you're asking stupid questions, Morty.
Stop asking stupid questions, Morty. Get the fuck out of here.
You sound like a piece of shit.
Oh, jeez.
So tell the truth, man. No shame. You're looking at your shrimp body like, whaaaaat?
Is it that obvious? I'm sorry.
Yeah, my original body is more bipedal.
Uh, ape descended.
Really? Weird.
Does your house look like a tree or...?
No, it looks like this. It's, like, identical to this, actually.
That is such a mindf-
It's all good, man. I'm fine with it.
Honestly, you're doing me a huge favor by being shrimp instead of fascists.
What?
God damn it, when did this shit become the default?
Who wants to come up to the board and show me some basic ass indigis?
I see you.
Morty? Yeah, right.
That's not an integer.
Apparently, it doesn't matter.
Damn, Morty, you're bad at math, but I'm giving you an A-plus in confidence.
Just doing what I gotta do.
Extra credit.
I love you, Morty.
What's with the strut? You think you own the school?
Nope.
What if I killed you? Would you be strutting then?
Only if the events of the Pixar movie Coco are to be believed, which I doubt.
I have it on good authority that you're probably not gonna kill me.
So why don't you do what I do and just go with the flow?
Nice and zen, baby.
You die tomorrow, no matter what.
It's what bullies call a fate accompli.
Oh, man.
Oh, well, well, well.
F***, f***, f***.
Looks like you got yourself in a lick of trouble, huh, Morty?
Okay, okay, look, if you help me not die, I'll bring Rick back to life.
Why are you pretending to eat chicken?
Excuse me? This chicken is quite real to me.
Okay, but it doesn't have...
Nutrients?
Yeah.
What's the last thing you ate?
Bologna and an orange?
So, no holographic foods?
So to me, you never ate?
Or we could try respecting each other?
Will you just show me how to stay alive?
All right, Morty, a deal's a deal.
Once we bring your Rick back to life, then I'll help you with the bully.
Go ahead and open the hatch to the subterranean lab.
That's where all the cloning equipment is.
Please tell me you're not hitting that crystal again.
Look, look, look, Rick might be the epitome of bloated flesh privilege,
but he's right about one thing.
You're gonna be a lot happier if you focus on the moment
rather than on how you're gonna die.
I mean, who's worried about that, huh?
Sorry, hologram, Rick.
I'm going with the crystal on this one.
Oh, all right, okay.
Just because I can't interact with solid matter
means you can just walk all over me.
Dear God.
This too fascist-ish?
Nope.
Finally.
I thought maybe you were pussy-ing out.
What the f***?
Oh, the air's getting thin.
Well, well, well, looks like there's a new bully in town.
Lucky for us, he just made bully bullying the new bullying.
Bully him!
We've got a peculiar type situation going on behind the mall.
Over.
Dying with Jessica.
Hey!
What the hell?
Ah!
That's a fancy!
Look at me!
Shield me from the law!
Yes, sir!
Hands!
Look at me!
I will die all!
Up next, an unstoppable science fiction boy
is attacking our nation's final line of defense.
Will we all fall to his deadly touch?
But first, something silly?
What do you mean, but first?
I already said, up next, you always do this.
I don't always do shit.
Don't gaslight me.
Gaslighting doesn't exist.
You made it up because you're fucking crazy.
Why are you letting me do this?
I do as the crystal guides.
Your Honor, my client was acting in self-defense.
He turned 13 men into piles of ash.
Sit down!
Before I sentence you, is there anything you have to say for yourself?
I will always remember our time in f-
P-P-Peru!
I will always remember our time in Peru, your Honor.
Your Honor, as you can see, my client is speaking nonsense.
Stop.
Those were my husband's last words.
He says that he love-loves you to-to little-little-little-little.
L-l-little...
sp-sp-sp-
arrow, sparrow.
He loves you, little sparrow.
He's innocent. Case dismissed.
I'm coming for you, Condor!
Well, I for one will not be accepting this verdict,
and this little monster may think he's gotten away,
but there is something called the Court of Public Opinion
that still has final say in this country.
Oh, I guess he's coming out of the courthouse now.
Let's go live to that.
Oh, my God!
Oh!
Ha!
People, I gotta tell you something.
That little boy, I thought I knew everything about everything,
but something about the tones and frequencies
that just came out of his mouth have made me...
I mean, I think we're just about ready to forgive him
and move past this whole thing.
He's a free young man, and as far as continuity goes,
the reset button's been hit.
Morty!
That was a fast trial.
Just...
a...
c-
A bunch of us girls were gonna go skinny dipping later
if you wanted to join.
Actually, now. Really.
We're gonna do it right now.
This is the last conversation I'm having about it fully clothed.
No thanks.
I'm assuming we maybe get together
in our forties?
Uh, cool.
Sounds...
hot.
Bye.
Must contend you moving in ways that lead to dying with you.
Whoa, way to use up a clone.
What the f***, man?
What's the matter with you?
You don't talk?
Tarantula got your tongue?
Uh, hell...
Wasp Hitler?
What?
What the f***?
Where's that sh** coming from?
Look, I'm a primate.
I'm having a hard time.
I'll think or say whatever gets me home.
Well, here's how it works with wasps.
We eat our prey alive,
and when we don't,
we lay our eggs in their eyeball
so that our young can feast on their brains when they hatch.
When you're born that big an asshole,
the least you can do is have a little empathy.
Now come have dinner with my beautiful family
and drop the Hitler stuff.
Wasp Morty's been on some crazy message boards.
Ah!
Me and my friends want to fly around
and look for something to sting tonight.
Be careful not to waste all your venom.
I'm not a bee, Dad.
Oh, God!
Kill me!
Please, kill me!
Not bad.
After dinner,
can I maybe borrow Morty to help the lost Rick
get back to his primate-based reality?
Morty, are you done with your homework?
Not all of it.
Sorry, Dad.
Oh, don't be sorry, sweetie.
We're all in this together.
We're wasps.
Not monsters.
Ah!
I guess I don't have it as bad as I thought.
Can you pass the acid?
Ah!
No!
Run!
Run, my baby!
Bone is...
Ah!
Morty!
Where is that little sh**?
Well, garage foul.
Who said you could go through my stuff?
Wait, where's my boggling?
There you are.
Don't worry, Pop-Pops back.
I'll keep you safe.
What the...
Where's my Misex boxes?
All that's left are these sh** Kirkland brand Misex boxes.
What do you want?
Damn, your Morty sucks.
Ah, wasp!
Why the hell didn't you show Morty how to bring my body back to life?
Don't tell me you gained sentience and tried to take over.
What?
That is some AI racist, accusatory Isaac Asimov bullsh** right there.
Then what happened?
Where's my body?
Ugh, you're gonna love this.
I love you, Morty.
This is my life.
This is good.
What do you know?
That little Morty knows you.
That little Morty knows how to scream?
What are you f**king...
Now, I told you, get him Rick!
I can't see my own death.
How am I gonna die?
Shhh, quiet idiot, quiet.
It's gonna be alright.
Don't get to know how you're gonna die.
It's over.
Oh, hey, this f**king feral glue is wrapping around my legs.
I can feel.
I have mass.
I'm a f**king god now.
You're f**king...
What the f**k?
I thought you were proud to be a hologram.
That's because I had to f**king be one.
Sh**.
There's a lesson here,
and I'm not the one that's gonna figure it out.
Hey, uh, sorry I didn't listen to you
and tried to kill the whole world and stuff.
I guess I gotta learn how to live in the moment a little more.
Oh, boy, so you actually learned something today?
What is this, full house?
I was living in the moment all day,
and it kept getting me killed by Nazis.
I think you have to think ahead and live in the moment.
Morty, we saw you on the news.
Are you okay?
Oh, real nice, Rick.
Turning our son into an Akita.
Real nice.
Eat my a**, Jerry.
He turned himself into Akira.
I'll eat it because this is my house, Rick.
I'll eat any a** I want.
You said the crystals wouldn't hurt anyone, Dad.
This family has a clean start.
I don't know if adventures fit into my son's life.
I'm fine.
Get off Rick's back.
Rick wasn't even here when I was doing all that stuff.
That was all on me.
Well, alright, Morty.
I guess as long as you're okay, that's all we care about.
I don't want to see any more anime stuff happening to my son, Buster.
That finger has AIDS now, not my fault.
You skipped HIV?
He's messing with you, sweetie.
But it's tingling.
So I guess what we learned is to split the diff.
From now on, Rick and Morty doing a little of this and a little of that.
Yeah, sometimes we'll do classic stuff.
You know, other times we'll do whatever.
Sometimes we won't even do anything.
Rick and Morty not doing anything.
100 years!
Push it to the limit.
Rick and Morty pushing it to the limit.
Trying different things, making sure to keep out of it.
Anywhere's not near the limit at all.
Sometimes not doing stuff.
Not even pushing a little bit towards the limit.
You're going in alone or together.
Making sure to keep your eyes on the prize.
We're not.
You can do whatever you want.
Sometimes just relax me.
Wait, wait, wait.
What the f***?
Hold on.
What the f*** did you just say?
Nothing.
I didn't say anything.
I was just playing along with you guys.
You know I record everything, right?
Garage, isolate Summer's voice and playback.
Oh, and then you guys can get married and like,
f*** each other off in a testosterone-adult f***ing third-party...
What the hell, Summer?
That's disgusting.
Gross Summer?
What the f*** is this, Christ?
I was just joking around.
You just seeing of you guys pay any attention to me,
just want to be a part of the f***.
Get the f*** out of here.
Get out of here, Summer.
Get out of here.
That's disgusting.
You ruined the season four premiere.
Summer, the fourth season premiere you ruined it.
God, tomorrow's career day.
I don't want to think about what I do when I get out of school.
I know exactly what I want to do.
I want to work in hospice.
I want to comfort the people who are dying,
who have no one else in their lives.
The real lonely people.
I want to be a part of the family.
I'm going to look at their name tags and I'm going to say,
I love you,
followed by whatever it says on their name tag,
over and over.
What the f***?
Hey Morty, quick favor.
What? Cover me in gasoline and spiders?
Fine. Yeah, I'm in.
Wasn't my first pitch,
but hey,
I'm not going to waste this opportunity.
I'm in.
Did you get any of that?